Seperate schemes for VP/VCI, make custom uri support ecosystem decision (#266)
openid/OpenID4VC-HAIP: openid4vc-high-assurance-interoperability-profile-1_0.md

        </front>
</reference>

<reference anchor="IANA.URI.Schemes" target="https://www.iana.org/assignments/uri-schemes">
  <front>
    <title>Uniform Resource Identifier (URI) Schemes</title>
    <author>
      <organization>IANA</organization>
    </author>
    <date/>
  </front>
</reference>

# IANA Considerations

## Uniform Resource Identifier (URI) Schemes Registry

This specification registers the following URI schemes in the IANA "Uniform Resource Identifier (URI) Schemes" registry [@IANA.URI.Schemes].

### haip-vci

* URI Scheme: haip-vci
* Description: Custom scheme used for invoking wallets that implement the OIDF HAIP profile to offer a Credential
* Status: Permanent
* Well-Known URI Support: -
* Change Controller: OpenID Foundation Digital Credentials Protocols Working Group - openid-specs-digital-credentials-protocols@lists.openid.net
* Reference: (#credential-offer) of this specification

### haip-vp

* URI Scheme: haip-vp

> * Description: Custom scheme used for invoking wallets that implement the OIDF HAIP profile to request the presentation of a Credential

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Description: Custom scheme used for invoking wallets that implement the OIDF HAIP profile to request the presentation of Credentials
```

        </front>
</reference>

<reference anchor="IANA.URI.Schemes" target="https://www.iana.org/assignments/uri-schemes">
  <front>
    <title>Uniform Resource Identifier (URI) Schemes</title>
    <author>
      <organization>IANA</organization>
    </author>
    <date/>
  </front>
</reference>

# IANA Considerations

## Uniform Resource Identifier (URI) Schemes Registry

This specification registers the following URI scheme
in the IANA "Uniform Resource Identifier (URI) Schemes" registry [@IANA.URI.Schemes].

### haip-vci

* URI Scheme: haip-vci

> * Description: Custom scheme used for invoking wallets with credential offers implementing the OIDF HAIP profile

Author: ```suggestion
* Description: Custom scheme used for invoking wallets that implement the OIDF HAIP profile to offer a Credential
```

* Status: Permanent
* Well-Known URI Support: -
* Change Controller: OpenID Foundation Digital Credentials Protocols Working Group - openid-specs-digital-credentials-protocols@lists.openid.net
* Reference: (#credential-offer) of this specification

### haip-vp

* URI Scheme: haip-vp

> * Description: Custom scheme used for invoking wallets implementing the OIDF HAIP profile

Author: ```suggestion
* Description: Custom scheme used for invoking wallets that implement the OIDF HAIP profile to request the presentation of a Credential
```
